# Deploying a Bank Note Authentication model using Flasgger
## This problem is part of Kaggle: https://www.kaggle.com/ritesaluja/bank-note-authentication-uci-data
### The objective of the problem is to distinguish between forged bank notes and authentic notes. The data comprises of 4 features and 1 target columns, and then create a Flask App which can be invoked via localhost.

#### The features are: 'variance', 'skewness', 'kurtosis', and 'entropy'. The target column is labelled as 'class'.

The features were extracted from images that were taken from genuine and forged banknote-like specimens. For digitization, an industrial camera, usually used for print inspection was used. The final images have 400x 400 pixels. Due to the object lens and distance to the investigated object, gray-scale pictures with a resolution of about 660 dpi were gained. Wavelet Transform tool were used to extract features from images.

This is a simple classification problem without much requirement for feature engineering. With a default RandomForest Classifier model, we were able to achieve >99% validation accuracy. The trained model is then saved as a .pkl file (classifier.pkl) for later use.

We use the app.py file to invoke the StreamLit library, after having installed the StreamLit library, which helps render a new webpage using the template provided, and then invokes a predict_note_authentication() with these extracted parameters to load the pre-trained model (saved as classifier.pkl) to provide the prediction.

To run this, we need to execute this api.py file using StreamLit from CLI, using the command "streamlit run app.py", which generates a Local URL & a Network URL, and accepts the earlier defined features and returns the o/p generated by the model.
